so I just got back from doing my first
grocery shopping all this cut and I sure
want to see the foods that I eat stay
pretty consistent but the main thing
that I'm doing the transition from a
bulk to cut is is that I want to start
adding in lower calorie foods and taking
out those higher more dirty calorie
foods what I mean by that is is I want
to start our name more fruits and
vegetables and start to take away those
really high calorie dirty foods like
some you know desserts are some cereals
hi sugar cereals so you'll see right
here things have stayed pretty
consistent but the main thing that I'm
changing is is I'm gonna start having a
lot more salads and fruit salads to keep
me full up but to really keep my overall
calories low throughout the day so this
is what I got so I got some spinach
lettuce and cucumber I only got a few
vegetables because I already have some
in the fridge and i'm going to start
shopping more frequently to keep my
fruits and vegetables fresh so for the
fruit i've got a lot of oranges got
three pockets of grapes got two pockets
of Kiwis so that's going to do me for
nye this will probably last me about two
to three days maybe four with the grips
and the Kiwis and I've got some
vegetables as well in the fridge which
is going to keep me going but once these
run out we'll be going for another shop
so for the protein I've got some frozen
salmon got some tins of beans got eggs
got chicken as well so these are solid
protein sources you've got the salmon
which can be frozen this is already
frozen so I'll just leave that in the
freezer and then any time that I run out
of protein or I need a high-protein meal
I'll just stick to these on the pan with
the beans and the eggs they're so easy
to have in the morning then we've got
the chicken a nice lean source of
protein then for the carbs over here
still sticking with the potatoes but
instead of getting the usual cereals or
gorillas that I'm getting I'm just going
to stick with some basic oats to keep
the calories low oats are such a great
source of carbohydrates that make you
feel full and to really keep your
overall calories low it's very easy to
eat a lot of calories from these high
sugar cereal but see whenever you eat
oats it's very hard to eat a very large
amount of it also got two pockets of
Brian rice I'm not going to be too much
white rice in this cut but I also got
some white spaghetti and the reason i
thought this is is for on the days maybe
that I've been doing a lot of workouts
in a row and I maybe do a killer
leg workout and I just want some
fast-digesting carbs so got some of that
got orange juices well over here
absolutely love some orange juice in the
morning I'll not be having as much as I
used to have my boat but i'll still be
having this quite frequently got a loaf
of some brown bread i used to get to
lose quite often but I'm definitely not
gonna be having not much Brad night then
I'm cutting so I'm just gonna have this
keep me going throughout the week and I
still didn't get some dirty foods you'll
see right here boom I got two bars of
white chocolate and some rice pops
nineties here aren't that high in
calories or sugar but I'm gonna be
mixing the two making some rice krispies
buns and they're just gonna do me the
rice krispies bonds are just gonna
really help me on days I feel like
having something sweet i'm gonna be
making them myself so I know what's
gonna be in them I'm gonna be just
making them for a time that say i have
done loads of workouts in a row i've
done my legs I've Kim woman of hot a
high-calorie meal and I still really
feel like I something's missing that
might be the day that I add in some rice
krispies buns instead of eating the
plain old born clean meals so this is
what I got guys Scott has already
started I started yesterday I recorded
that full day that should already be art
if it's not make sure you check it out
and this is what I got guys like comment
share subscribe boom